#from idea to launch
	#e.g. kitten academy

	Feature (product) to be implemented: Video conferencing w vets

	Titles and Roles:

		product manager: "ship captain", in charge of rolling out 
						 the feature at a high level, executes on design and development based on resources

		project manager: oversees "epics", e.g. design epic for user
						 flows, or dev epic for account management, communicates w developers and designers to 
						 track progress, and keep product manager 
						 updated

		designer: 		 e.g. user flows, designs interactive elems,
						 and layout of features, starting w wireframe

		developer:		 coordinates with designer to understand 
						 and implement features.
						 e.g. designer wants drop down list of vets
						 	seems simple, but requires a database
						 	and authentication application for vets
						 	expands scope too much, so developer 
						 	tells this to project manager, who relays it to the product manager, who decides if this feature is critical to launch given the resources

	Tools and Processes of dev cycle:
		
		Sprint cycle:

			Planning:

				Roadmapping: decide how long things take to build
							 decide who will work tasks
							 decide if tasks should be included 

				Sprint Planning: inform team members of what will 
								 happen during the next release cycle, and what priorities we will have

			Execution:
				 Sprints: team members get to work on tasks

				 Backlog Grooming: look at other issues that may 
				 				  have arisen, but maybe weren't a priority, get integrated as sprints

				 Retros: team convenes to talk about what they 
				 		 should keep doing, start doing, and stop 
				 		 doing

		Kanban Boards: used to keep track of priorities and issues
					   during a sprint cycle

					   places tickets into colums v

					| In progress | Testing | Complete |

					Types of tickets: 

						Epic: High-level task e.g. user accounts

						Story: subset of epic e.g. UI, appointment 
							   dashboard, store & update pet info

						Bug: unforeseen issue that creates problem 
							 for users e.g. preventing international users

		 Code Workflow: 

		 		Git for version control

		 			Developer finishes feature
		 				submits pull request via git
		 					others review to prevent conflicts

	 					when request approved, it usually moves to QA for testing in a different environment

#How to use developer documentation

	e.g. python developer documentation
		use quicksearch and general index

		e.g. have list in python, want to sort alphabetically

			Strategy:

				indentifying datatype / structure working with
					List

				find functions available to manipulate data/code

				search documentation for list functions
